Thank you... thank you.Thank you very much, I appreciate it. You can cut that, sir... Thank you, Liberty City. What a pleasure to be here at this motherfucking club. You are kickin' the shit out of the club on the other side of town, Club Bullshit. I'll never play there again. It's like livin' in a studio apartment again, you ever been in a studio apartment? It's ridiculous... because it's got everything, but nothing. Like you see the livingroom, it's right there. There's the kitchen corner, right there, set up. It's just so small you can do everything from the center it's... You become a spider. You just... Oh wait, a minute, hold on, that's my fax machine. Got it. All right then, let me open up the refrigerator. Who, who... who left my shower curtain open like that, that is ridiculous. Somebody's at the door, hello? Hey, c'mon in, let's sit on the couch. Well it's a love seat but you could sit... That's how the other club was, just that small. I'm enjoying being here in Liberty City, it's crazy. Gotta have a car here, it would seem 'cuz, you motherfuckers walk too fast for me. Liberty Ci... where the fuck? Are y'all goin' somewhere? Is there a rave or some shit that I don't know about that everybody's rushin' to get to? Three o'clock in the morning, five o'clock in the morning, nine, noon, three... motherfuckers just... If you're not careful, you accidentally be walkin' with 'em... you don't even have anywhere to go, you was just tryin' to ask if there was a Bean Machine somewhere in the local vicinity so you can get you a Bean-a-frap-a-capuccino or something. So you just walkin like this, like... "Excuse me is there a coffee shop around here?" I've already passed it by the time I got done walking. You can't talk to the girls, the girls move too fast. They sure are pretty in Liberty City, though. Pretty girls in Liberty City... but they're moving, fuckin'... you gotta... you're like an auctioneer. ExcusememaamcouldI.... Hitherehowareyou.... Excusemedoyouhaveahusband... HiI'mnewtoLiberty... They're gone, gone, just moving so fuckin' fast, it's ridiculous. So I decided I was gonna get a car but you gotta be careful... gotta be careful 'cuz shopping for a car is dangerous. You got a raggedy car you go to the lot... These motherfuckers keep tryin' to trick you. Don't take the test drive, that's all I'm gonna say, don't take the fuckin' test drive. Test drive is the trick, it's to show you how much better this shit is, than your shit, so you can't even go back to your car again. Here I been sittin' on vinyl with creases on in my back and become accustomed to the raggedyness of the seat. And these motherfuckers put me in a chair, I didn't even wanna drive the car. I wanted to watch television, I was just laying there comfortable. "Test drive it! Test drive it!" Don't do it. Don't do it, especially if you ain't got good credit, because they become two different sales persons. Right, when you first walk in they the friendliest motherfuckers in the world, make you feel good about yourself... "How are you, Sir? Might I offer you some popcorn... some ch... some uh, some uh... cheese, uh, bits and, uh, some coffee?" Well that's an odd combination but I haven't had popcorn in a while, don't mind if I do, thank you! Coffee, yes! Yes I'll have.. and you said cheese bits? I don't think I'm even familiar with cheese bits, of course I'll have some of them... Wine ya and dine ya, make you feel good about it, and then they go in the back room and check your fuckin' credit, and come out like you're an alien from another land, just... "Sir... I just ran your credit score. You think this is a motherfuckin' game? Huh? Sir, let me just say, if you had thirty-five thousand dollars cash, I couldn't let you put ten percent down on a car that cost nine dollars, Do you understand what the fu.. ? Get the fu... What we can do is, we can recommend you... to a Liberty City transit official, who can give your motherfuckin' ass a bus pass... til you learn how to properly use credit!" Y'all been great, I been Katt Williams. Thank you so much, Liberty City.

Thank you. Thank you. Thanks you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. You're far too kind. Thank you. All right you can cut that. It's a pleasure. A pleasure to be here in Liberty City owww! Liberty City: all party, all the time. Crazy Liberty City, anything goes. Everything's crazy. Weed is illegal. Ain't that a motherfuck...? They should have put that in the motherfucking brochure. Feel free to come to Liberty City but weed is illegal. Kind of cockamamie shit is this? Weed is illegal. How the fuck can you make a plant illegal? Weed is just a plant. It's just a plant. It just grows like that and, if you should happen to set it on fire, there are some effects. That's not the same as drugs. Drugs you got to do shit to it chemically. You gotta add baking soda, water, stir it up. I don't know know the recipe, I'm just saying there's some shit you gotta do to it. It's ridiculous. Weed ain't never hurt nobody. Aspirin is perfectly legal, but if you take thirteen of them motherfuckers it'll be your last headache. Long as you have been living you ain't never heard of a motherfucker overdose on marijuana. You might have thought that nigga was dead, he aint dead, he gonna wake up in 30 minutes, hungry enough to eat up everything in your house. That's the side effects. Hungry, happy, sleepy. That's it. Meanwhile, legal pill's got side effects to it. Yeah, side effects. And the side effects is worse than the shit that it's curing. And I'm thinking nobody's noticing this but me. I'm just saying that I'm taking some shit for asthma; I don't need the side effect to be shortness of breath. That's what the fuck I came to you for. Lot of crazy shit in Liberty City. I been all around this motherfucker, I ain't seen a dog, or a cat yet. Hmm, just thought about it didn't you? Go ahead, think back. No, that wasn't a dog. That were probably a short person like myself, bending over to pick up something. You might have thought it was a dog, that's not a rottweiler motherfucker, that's me. Dropped some money. No dogs, no fuckin' cats, and I know you thinking, well how's that important? Cause what's next, short people? Where they gonna cut the line, five' five"? five' six"? Who the fuck? You don't know! You don't know! Just one day, whoosh, all the short people gone. It's just be you tall-ass freaks left here to fend for yourselves. Don't ask me to pick up shit from down there, I can't do it cus I ain't fuckin here! Me or the dogs, or the cats. It's a crazy place, everything's crazy about here. The fans in Liberty City are crazy. Let me just say something. If you six foot ninety-nine, don't walk up on me all aggressive trying to tell me how much you love me. You scaring the shit out of me. "Hey, son... hey, son, welcome to Liberty City son, you... you funny as fuck, son." Wait a minute. Lady, I don't let motherfuckers jus' spit on me while they talking, that's just ridiculous. They got a guy selling CDs. Motherfucker won't even tell you what's on the CD. He done wrote his name in crayon on the CD, just passing it to you. Passing it... passed it to me so fast I had already bought it before I knew what was going on. I just walked up to him, hey, how you doing? What the fuck, a CD? Here's five. What the fuck just happened? Why everything gotta move so fast around here anyway? I want to slow down and relax but you can't do that no way cause weed is illegal. Anyway, that's been all my motherfucking time. Thank you so much. Liberty City I appreciate it. Thanks for the love, Katt Williams, have a good night.

What's going on Liberty City, how are you? Good to see everybody out there tonight. It's a beautiful night. DJ's playin' my favorite song, could you jus' play it one more time? It makes me... it makes me feel strong, like I... I don't know if you've heard this song or not, but it makes me feel strong. Hold it, just play it one more time, lemme see if I can.... Okay, hold on, hold on. All I... A song like this you need it... You need it as your alarm clock, so you can wake up in the morning to some gangsta shit. You just be in the bed, just waitin' on it... jus'... Go on and play it... Ok, don't play it again, sorry, I'm just sayin' it's the shit, that's all I'm sayin'. The song is the shit. That's the national anthem for anybody who ever hustled at all. Even if you a librarian, play that song in the library and see if it ain't the shit! You just be in the library, jus' mindin' your business... It's jus'.. Okay, don't play it again sir, don't play it again... Jus' sayin' the song's the shit, s'all I'm sayin'. All I'm sayin' is if you went to Heaven and that song was playin', you know it's gonna be a party in Heaven... you jus' walk in Heaven, you jus'... Okay... stop it sir, I said don't play it again... jus' sayin' it's the shit. Sayin' if you went to the grocery store and that song was playin', you'd buy everything in that bitch, knowin' you ain't got but seventy-eight Liberty City dollars. You just in the store, jus'... Okay, sir... I said don't play it again. I'm jus' sayin' the song's the shit, s'all I'm sayin'. I'm sayin' it's good for everything. Fellas, if you havin' a problem in your relationship, stop fuckin' you woman to slow songs... Tonight, try some special shit. Some shit you picked up from your friend Katt Williams. Fuck her to some gangsta shit. Just as soon as it comes on, you jus' by the bed, jus'... She'll be looking at you like this, like, "I gotta go to work in the morning, what the fuck is wrong with you?". Jus' sayin' the song's the shit... Jus' sayin', if you worked at Burger Shot, somebody came through the drive thru and ordered a Number 7... And you looked around and nobody was in that bitch but you... If you could just put that song on the P.A. system you'd be okay... You jus' in the Burger Shot, jus'... Ladies and Gentlemen... Katt Williams... I'm a rockstar. Liberty City. You know what it is... thank you so much, I appreciate you...
